Let's update our basic streams application with the purchase type.
This way we can get a feel for how we can de-serialize data from a Kafika stream.
So we're back in the workspace now,
and we're going to go ahead and start by defining our purchase model so that we can
de-serialize data coming into our purchases topic into this model.
So we'll begin by uncommenting it,
and having it inherit from the faust.record type.
Once that's done, we'll define the fields that we expect on the purchase class.
Which in this case, is a username of type string,
the currency code of type string,
and an amount of type int.
With that done, we then need to pass this type into our purchases topic.
We also need to indicate what the key type is.
So we're going to modify this,
and as you can see we've already passed in the value type as purchased to this topic,
but we have not yet specified the key type.
Now, this Kafka topic is keyed on the username.
So the key type is going to be just a primitive string.
Then we have the purchases topic.
We can pass it in to our app agent as we saw in the previous demonstration.
Then we can define this function which handles all the event data for this app agent,
and iterates over all the purchases and the purchases stream as they arrive.
All we're doing here is taking the purchase data,
dumping it to a dictionary,
and then pretty printing it as JSON,
so that it's easier to view on the command line.
So let's go ahead and run this function and see how it works.
So we're using the worker class again, and unfortunately,
I forgot to decorate our purchase class as a data class.
So let's go ahead and do that real quick.
So now this is a data class which means that it has access to the asdict() functionality,
and it also indicates that this class is specifically
only used for shepherding and unshepherding data.
Let's go ahead and save that, and try one more time.
You can see that now we're printing out all the purchases that are occurring.
As you can see it's pretty printed,
so it's a little easier for us to read.
All right. That's how you would go ahead and de-serialized data with model definitions.